Oh
ladies and gentlemen this is a preview
of the motion picture event soon to be
seen in this theater we would like to
show you and tell you something about
Walt Disney's Lady and the Tramp
it's his happiest motion picture a story
about dogs open your heart and build
some glowing memories as Walt Disney
takes you into that wonderful world you
always hoped did exist and never knew
for sure until now the world of dogs to
anyone who's ever owned a dog loved a
dog or just wanted a dog
this picture is yours heart and soul
you'll meet lady the belle of the social
set she was beautiful
innocent intelligent and besides she
owned the nicest family in town
lady was the catch of the season that is
until the day the Tramp came into her
life tramp
soldier of fortune the Casanova from the
wrong side of the tracks who wore no
man's collar it's what they do to your
happy home know that all your friend
you'll meet jock officially known as
Heather lad of Glencairn
of the blue blood Glen Cairns who
collected blue ribbons silver cups and
bones
that's a graham sate there's faithful
trusty the blood hound of the Old South
but now given to dreams of faded glories
and there are the rollicking roistering
boys in the back room down at the dog
pound
borås remnant of the old aristocracy who
has fallen on evil days
he's like Gorky says in Lord that's
quote miserable being must find more
miserable being then he's happy
Pedro whose visa and luck ran out at the
same time and a sister Rosita Chiquita
Juanita Chihuahua and peg slightly sharp
horns so Brett from the dog-and-pony
follies
who knew many things one of them how to
sell us all if he's a chance he's a good
one and I wish that I could travel his
way wish that I could travel his way
wish that I could travel his way
and you'll meet mr. busy the eager
beaver shits watching sharing 16 pages
and the pair of mischievous Orientals
sigh and am we I am me did you pee
we are stymie if you don't please it's
Easter it's Christmas it's New Years Eve
all the merry celebrations of your life
rolled into one happy entertainment as
lady in the Tramp take you into their
and shattered world
Oh